Fix home meta title (#60)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/index.md

<img src="/assets/img/rns/introduction.png" class="img-fluid" alt="introduction" />

Want to register a domain? Go [here](operations/register) to find out more.

## The basics

> RNS is a hierarchical name space inspired in DNS, with the hierarchy roughly corresponding to organizational structure, and names using "."  as the character to mark the boundary between hierarchy levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RNS is a hierarchical name space inspired by DNS, with the hierarchy roughly corresponding to organizational structure, and uses the "." character to delimit its levels.
```

### Design

The design goals of the RIF Name Service influence its structure.

- The primary goal is a consistent name space which will be used for referring to resources.
- All data associated with a name is tagged with a type, and queries can be limited to a single type.
- Because we want the name space to be useful in dissimilar networks and applications, we provide the ability to use the same name space with different protocol families or management. The RNS tags all data with a class as well as the type, so that we can allow parallel use of different formats for data of type address.

> - Where there tradeoffs between the cost of acquiring data, the speed of updates, and the accuracy of caches, the source of the data should control the tradeoff.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence, can we rephrase this?

Reviewer 2: I’m trying to express that the owner of the name is the one who should decide what to store and how to cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There may be tradeoffs between the cost of acquiring data, the speed of updates, and the accuracy of caches. The owner of the domain, who is the source of the data, should weigh these tradeoffs, and decide what to store, and how to cache.
```

OK understood: I've rephrased the sentence in a suggestion above. LMK if that that sounds correct.

If so, merge this PR, as this is the only outstanding comment from me. I'm marking PR as accepted so that I don't hold up the merge.

  [Specs](specs/registry)

  [Implementation](architecture/registry)

- **RNS Resolvers** are contracts that provide information from a name in response to client requests.

  Resolvers must be able to answer a query directly, or pursue the query using referrals to other resolvers. A resolver will typically be a contract's public function that is directly accessible to user programs or other contracts; hence no protocol is necessary between the resolver and the user program.

  [Specs](specs/resolvers)

These three components roughly correspond to the three layers or views of the domain system:
- From the user's point of view, the domain system is accessed through a simple [resolution operation](operations/resolve). The domain space consists of a single tree and the user can request information from any section of the tree.
- From the resolver's point of view, the domain system is composed of an unknown number of names. Each name has a corresponding resolver that provides information for a set of [resolution types](specs/resolution-types) directly.

> - From the registry's point of view, the domain system consists of a [hierarchical tree](architecture/registry) where each leaf have an owner (contract or account) and an associated resolver that provides information of the name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the registry's point of view, the domain system consists of a [hierarchical tree](architecture/registry) where each leaf has an owner (contract or account) and an associated resolver that provides information of the name.
```

### Guidelines on use

> Before the RNS can be used to hold naming information for some kind of object, two needs must be met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before RNS can be used to hold naming information for some kind of object, two needs must be met:
```

- A convention for mapping between object names and domain names. This describes how information about an object is accessed. Find specs [here](specs#name-mapping-convention)
- Resource record types and data formats for describing the object. Find specs [here](specs/resolvers).

> The guideline for finding a a specific record of a name is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guideline for finding a specific record for a name is as follows:
```

1. Calculate the name identifier with [`namehash` function](specs#name-mapping-convention).
2. Get the name's resolver address via [`resolver(bytes32)`](specs/registry#access).

> 3. Determinate if resolver supports desired resource record via [ERC-165 interface detection](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Determine if resolver supports desired resource record via [ERC-165 interface detection](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165).
```

Reviewer: Additionally, do we have an RSKIP that corresponds to EIP165 - if so we should link to that instead

Reviewer 2: There’s not 😕
